---
external: false
title: "Coding + Other Countries?."
date: 2023-07-08
---

Once again, I find myself just coding a lot this week. I figure it's because it's the most rewarding to see whatever work you put in be reflected so quickly in front of you. I'm just reminded of how time consuming the details are when coding. Stuff most people probably won't realise of think about. But Dungeon Meetup is shaping up, so I'm quite satisfied with the overall look and functionality. The only question is whether I'm going to want to market this properly. I know the right channels, and I'm also in the right channels. But I kind of don't want to be puclicly known to be building this. Would prefer if I can launch this anonymously and ask the respective LGSs and playgroups to join anonymously. Which is probably very difficult. I think I can finish the full functionality by the next week if I really work hard.

As for The 100 Club, we had our summit this week and the goal now is $10k MRR 1 year from now. i think it's difficult, but achieveable, if we try new things. So I've just been thinking about expanding to other countries. My initial plan was to really lock down operations and then properly scale with a new physical chapter in another country. But now I'm wondering whether it might make sense to just launch online masterminds and online initiatives, and expand like Ramen Club or Hampton. The physical events can just be in main countries, like Singapore, and stuff. I also would be able to be more aggressive with sales maybe overseas and ads might work better. Some other considerations would be the platform. Telegram, I don't think, is something that is used extensively in Malaysia or Indonesia. Language might also be a potential barrier. Either way, I'll want to update the look of the landing page first before I really reach out. But I think the current plan is to just think less, and give it a shot, and scale the MRR.
